Project: Roxy Pos v4.6.4
Topic:	README installer
Date: 	22 December 2021

Welcome to the Roxy Pos family.

Roxy Pos Point Of Sale free software licensed to you under
the GNU GPL 3 license.
It is a commercial-grade quality product and your use is not
restricted in any way.

It can scale from a single machine on your counter-top to tens and
tens of terminals in different locations.

Roxy Pos is used all around the world and it's become a 
favourite for a wide-range of businesses not just because it is 
free, but because of its ease of use, exceptional flexibility and
reliability.

So let's get you started!
The key to making sure you get the best out of Roxy Pos is: 
Set-up

Have some patience when you first start out and try to follow these 
simple steps...

1. **NB** If you are running a previous version of uniCenta you will
   need to install 4.6 first as it requires a 4.6 migration!

1. Make sure you have the correct Java JRE Runtime installed for your
   Operating System. Namely the java latest oracle java8 version.
   https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-jdk8-downloads.html
   If you're running Windows x64 use Java for x64, not the x86
   version, and it's running properly.

2. This version requires MySQL 5.6 or 5.7 installed and configured
   properly. MySQL 8 is not supported yet. A Schema must be created
   and Users Permissions also set correctly.

3. Fire-up Roxy Pos and head straight for the Configuration 
   panel. Settings are here for everything from Databases through to
   Printers.

4. Set Roles and Users - we've already created four for you.
   If you set a Password for the Administrator account. Make sure you
   remember it!

5. Set Taxes
   Roxy Pos comes with three Rate types already created: Exempt,
   Standard and Other (change to what you need or delete it if you 
   don't need it. Have as many as you want.

6. Create Categories. Use Categories to group your Products.
   This controls your Sales screen button layout. A default 
   Category is already there. 
   Rename it to anything that suits but DON'T DELETE it.
   Create as many as you need.

7. Create Products. Probably the most important part in 
   Roxy Pos you need to get right.
   Assign everything here from Barcodes through to Sales screen
   button images and fancy looking text. 

8. Edit your Printer Receipt Tickets. There are several templates
   to choose from. 
   Have your store logo to hand and a good idea of your receipt
   layout before you start.

9. Play with Roxy Pos first. Get to know it. Take your time.
   Don't rush.
   You will be up & running with Roxy Pos in no time compared
   to other systems.

10.All done! You're ready to deploy in your store. Now take a Backup!
   Always better to do it now rather starting over again or trying to
   unravel mistakes later when trading.

We're proud of our app' and we hope you enjoy using Roxy Pos.

The uniCenta Team